Experience in Java
Experience in SDET is valuable
Experience with Amazon Web Services technologies including EC2, SWF, CloudFront, CloudFormation, etc.
Experience with common open source technologies including Angular-JS, Tomcat, Selenium, Jenkins, Maven, TestNG, RestAssured, Soasta, etc.
Languages: Objective-C, C, JavaScript, Python
Platforms: iOS and Mac OS X and Linux and Web
Data visualization / statistics experience (JMP, d3js, R)
Experience building rich client-side interactions with ARIA using a combination of AJAX, HTML, CSS, JavaScript
Proficient knowledge of database (PostgreSQL preferred)
Proficient knowledge scripting languages (Python preferred)
C++
General Windows, Linux operating systems knowledge
Strong scripting experience (Shell, Perl, Python, Ruby etc.)
Proficiency with Public Cloud platforms (IaaS/PaaS) on Openstack and AWS
Configuration management tools like Chef, Puppet etc.
Monitoring tools like Nagios, Munin, Zenoss, etc.
Release Engineering tools like Maven, Jenkins, etc.
Knowledge of or the desire to work with Zabbix, NewRelic, Logstash, and MongoDB, Cassandr, Elasticsearch.
Hands on exposure to Linux, Git/SVN or other source control tools
Minimum 3 years of post-academic experience in commercial software including Java, Swing, JDBC, RMI, J2EE, XML
Familiarity with open source frameworks: Spring, Hibernate, Spring MVC, Spring JDBC, Ant, JMS.
Knowledge of relational databases and SQL including working experience with Sybase and/or Oracle
Coding expertise: mastery of C/C++ programming on large systems.
- Minimum of 3 months experience with C/C++ programming
- Experience with Linux kernel and Linux device drivers
Strong background working with embedded devices and wireless protocols such as Z-Wave, ZigBee, and WiFi
Expertise with standard Internet protocols across the stack, such as TCP/IP, UDP/IP, HTTP, SOAP, and RESTful Web Services
Expertise in one or more of the following languages: Groovy, Java, Ruby, Python 
Strong coding skills in modern languages such as C++/Javascript/Python
Java or equivalent OO language, familiarity with Unix/Linux environments, in depth knowledge of service development with solid experience in code optimization and low-latency computing.
Progressive rendering, Responsive Design and modern brower techniques (HTML5, CSS3)
At least 4 years of heavy experience developing Web applications using JavaScript, CSS 3, and HTML5
At least 2 years of back-end services and data structures, such as JSON, XML and SOAP
Experience using popular JavaScript frameworks such as jQuery, Kendo UI, and/or similar a plus
Knowledge of Scrum, XP and/or other Agile methodologies is a plus
Coding skills in C++, Java or Python.
Experience with open source search engines like elasticsearch, solr or lucene
2+ years experience in developing Ruby
Familiar with and experience of SQL, NoSQL, Messaging, Middleware and similar systems
Familiar with and experience of Configuration Management and Deployment systems i.e. CHEF and/or Puppet.
3+ years of experience in testing, networking or storage drivers on Operating environments such as Linux, ESX.
Experience in shell scripting, perl/Tcl/python/expect/etc.
3 + years experience with Javascript, HTML, CSS, (experience with AS3 Flash is a plus)
Advanced Javascript skills (DHTML, OOP, AJAX, jQuery, JSON)
Experience with JSP/JSTL and/or Velocity is a plus
Previous experience with browser extension technologies (IE, Firefox, Chrome, Safari)
Experience with SVN or other source control software
Experience with networking (TCP/IP and DNS)
Experience with HTML, CSS, JavaScript and JQuery or other frameworks
Experience with Apache, Tomcat, Drools, Subversion, Linux preferred
Chef or other configuration management tool
Design and develop Linux user space applications using C/C++ programming language
Good understanding with hands-on corporate experience in using DBMS, such as PostgreSQL and MS SQL server
Good understanding with hands-on corporate experience in virtualization infrastructure, such as KVM and VMware
Hands-on experiences in troubleshooting multi-threaded Linux applications using gdb and valgrind
8+ years of experience in development on a wide range of technologies : Java, Javascript, HTML, CSS, SQL (Adobe Cold Fusion and Adobe Flex are pluses)
Experience in large scale, SaaS applications systems
Experience in Agile developments
Be a fast learner
Have strong problem solving skills 
