Software Engineer (Backend)
Engineering | Santa Monica, CA

Located in Santa Monica, CA.

Saatchi Art is the world's largest online art gallery, connecting people with art and artists around the world. We are looking for a back-end engineer to join us at our Santa Monica, CA headquarters to help us build new features and tools, helping to create our next-generation marketplace platform. 
Working with folks across our small but rapidly growing organization, you will be involved in all aspects of development, including planning, execution and testing. You are a creative problem solver with a knack for picking up things quickly, expert-level debugging skills, and thrive in a team-based environment. Rockstars, ninjas and jedi need not apply.

Requirements:

    Strong written and verbal communication skills
    Ability to work independently and proactively
    Strong knowledge of OO concepts and design patterns
    Experience working on a team doing practicing agile development, unit testing, code reviews, and continuous integration
    3+ years LAMP (PHP) stack experience using Zend or Symphony. Laravel experience strongly desired.
    Experience developing against REST-based APIs
    Experience with both SQL and NoSQL databases
    Experience using Git
    Basic fluency with Javascript, HTML, and CSS

Huge pluses:

    One additional language and web framework (Ruby/Rails, Javascript/node.js)
    Asyncronous programming
    Solr/Lucene
    Elasticsearch
    AWS (EC2, Route53, SNS, SQS)
    CDNs (Cloudfront, Akamai)
    SOAP/XML

Join Saatchi Art because...
Regardless of how much you know about art, you have a strong appreciation about it and a desire to learn more.  You desire to discuss and work with a broad range of modern technologies.  You want the flexibility and excitement of being part of a startup team, but backed by the resources of a larger organization.
Art is a powerful form of expression, both for those who create it and those who experience it. It is a conversation independent of language, inviting curiosity, celebrating uniqueness of thought and individual craftsmanship. Join our team and help us move this conversation forward.

Agency Disclosure

If the Demand Media Human Resources department, or any current company employee, receives an unsolicited resume from a third party recruiting agency and Demand Media does not have a signed Agency Agreement active, Demand Media will not be deemed liable to pay a placement fee.  The unsolicited resume will be considered a gift and can be considered for our recruitment efforts
