Software Developer
Location: Huntsville, AL
Department: Hardware Engineering
Type: Full Time
Min. Experience: Experienced

Digium®, Inc., the Asterisk® Company, created and is the innovative force behind Asterisk, the most widely used open source telephony software. Since its founding in 1999 by Mark Spencer, Digium has become the open source alternative to proprietary communication providers, with offerings that cost as much as 80 percent less. Digium offers Asterisk software free to the open source community and offers Switchvox, Digium's Unified Communications solution to power a broad family of products for small, medium and large businesses. The company's product line includes a wide range of telephony hardware and software to enable resellers and customers to implement turnkey VoIP systems or to design their own custom communications solutions. At Digium, we're changing the way businesses communicate.

Duties of Position:

As a Senior Software Engineer, you will be a part of a team of engineers working on the design, development, and release of embedded communications devices. The software you create will have a major impact on Digium's suite of unified communications products. The team you will work with is a motivated team, who are passionate about building great software for Digium's customers.

Successful candidates will be strong developers who are experienced in all phases of delivering software to customers; who have a passion for writing high-quality software; who enjoy working with high degree of autonomy and independence; and who have demonstrated a history of producing and maintaining excellent software.

Qualifications Required:

    BS in Computer  Science or Computer Engineering or equivalent
    A minimum of 5 years of professional software development experience
    Mastery of C/C++ programming language
    Notable contribution as a software developer on a project
    Solid understanding of software design and computer architecture
    Excellent verbal and written communication skills
    Source code management
    Experience developing for Linux
    Familiar with Agile development and test processes

Desired Experience:

    Understanding of networking concepts
    VoIP, media streaming, and/or telephony
    Embedded development experience
    Android familiarity

