Software Engineer
Engineering | Chicago, Il or Madison, Wi, United States

Networked Insights is transforming the way companies make marketing decisions by harnessing the power of real-time social data, advanced technology and our team of data scientists and industry analysts.
For Marketers, Networked Insights’ platform informs, accelerates and optimizes critical decisions. Our customers use our platform to:

    Discover and understand their brand’s opportunity audiences
    Identify what content, interests and messaging will motivate these audiences
    Know where these audiences engage and consume content to inform media investments

The world’s most innovative brands leverage our groundbreaking technology, analytics and experience to generate deeper consumer understanding and business advantage.  Networked Insights helps our customers put what consumers are saying in real-time at the center of their marketing activity to drive breakthrough decisions and tangible business results.  Our customers turn to Networked Insights to get insights faster, make confident decisions sooner and outperform their competition. 
Over the past seven years, Networked Insights has worked with such customers such as Samsung, GE, MillerCoors, Proctor & Gamble, Revlon, and The Walt Disney Company to improve efficiency and effectiveness across the entire marketing lifecycle. 
In 2012, Networked Insights was named one of world’s 50 “Most Innovative Companies” by Fast Company and was declared as “unrivaled in socially informed media planning and buying” by Forrester Research.

Responsibilities:

    Build and design programs utilizing Java, Spring, Lucene, Tomcat, ElasticSearch, Storm, Hadoop, Hive and MapReduce.
    Execute problem solving capabilities with a demonstrable ability to adapt to change
    Participate in Sprints
    Execute Performance tests

Qualifications

    1-5 years of Java development experience
    Big Data and Agile experience is a plus.
    Experience preferred with Linux, Spring, Web Services, Postgress, Tomcat, Lucene, ElasticSearch and MapReduce frameworks such as Hadoop and Hive
    Initiative, results-oriented drive and a solid work ethic requiring minimal direction
    Excellent time management and prioritization skills; ability to prioritize and manage competing tasks simultaneously in a fast-paced, time-sensitive environment
    Assertive personality with a solid work ethic and initiative, requiring minimal direction
    High energy and drive, coupled with resourcefulness, required to succeed in a start-up environment

 Education and Experience

    Bachelor's degree in Computer Science or a related field of Engineering, or equivalent combination of education and experience.
    Minimum of 1-3 years of Web based development experience.

Rewards
We provide excellent benefits, including health, dental, vision, disability, 401(k) and life insurance, a flex time off policy and a parental leave policy within a progressive, employee-centric culture. 

We offer a competitive compensation package with opportunities for performance rewards based on company success.
 