Entry-Level Software Engineer
Engineering - PM - IT Svcs | Seattle, WA, United States
Apply
	Send Jobvite

Big Data, the cloud, elastic computing, SaaS, AWS, BYOD, HPC, SDN - we do it all. The solutions we build at ExtraHop are transforming the IT industry. From retail websites and point-of-sale systems to financial services and the healthcare industry, ExtraHop helps modern businesses handle the growing demands on their applications and infrastructures.

Founded by engineers, ExtraHop is a technology start-up located in downtown Seattle that delivers elegant solutions for the IT industry's most challenging problems. The ExtraHop system is an application-aware wire-data processing technology that keeps network applications running at light speed.

We’re looking for the right people to join us as we design and build the most cutting-edge products in operational intelligence. We're hiring interns who want to solve problems and have the skills and attention to detail to back up their ideas. We move quickly and have a passion for building elegant, scalable solutions.
Duties & Responsibilities

    Help build simple, fast, resilient, and scalable solutions using back-end and/or front-end technologies
    Work with other members of our Engineering staff to help design, develop, test, and/or launch our product line

Qualifications
Required Education & Experience

    Current student in Computer Science or related
    Strong analytical and problem solving skills
    Solid knowledge of data structures and algorithms
    Experience or aptitude for implementing scalable software

Desired Skills & Experience

    Previous relevant work experience or internship(s)
    Good understanding of computer networking
    Experience with Linux and CLI (Linux command line)
    Programming experience in one or more of the following languages: C/C++, Go, JavaScript, Python
    Active member in an IT-related organization, club, or association


About ExtraHop

As a privately held fast-growing technology leader in the $20B IT operations management space, ExtraHop Networks is positioned to be the next great systems company. We are known as innovators who take a smart, creative approach to solving problems. Our ExtraHop team and product line have received many awards, including wins in multiple categories of Best of Interop, a Gold Medal prize in Puget Sound Business Journal’s annual list of Washington’s Best Workplaces, and several Gold Stevie American Business Awards.
