Software Engineering
Software Engineer, Infrastructure
LocationBoston, MA
Facebook was built to help people connect and share, and over the last decade our tools have played a critical part in changing how people around the world communicate with one another. With over a billion people using the service and more than fifty offices around the globe, a career at Facebook offers countless ways to make an impact in a fast growing organization.
Facebook is seeking an experienced Software Engineer to join our Infrastructure Engineering team in Boston. The position is full-time and is based in our Cambridge, MA office. There are minimal travel requirements for this position. Infrastructure Engineering builds large, distributed components that run Facebook. Our code serves millions of requests per second, and it does so with subsecond latency and in a fault tolerant manner. We handle everything from Facebook scale data storage, to synchronization and coordination of large server clusters, to providing a runtime environment for front end Facebook code. We are looking for candidates who share a passion for tackling complexity and building platforms that can scale through multiple orders of magnitude.
Responsibilities

    Design core, backend software components
    i. New: Code using primarily C/C++, Java, PHP and Hack
    Interface with other teams to incorporate their innovations and vice versa
    Conduct design and code reviews
    Analyze and improve efficiency, scalability, and stability of various system resources

Requirements

    B.S. Computer Science or related field preferred
    Extensive experience building large-scale server applications
    Expert knowledge developing and debugging in C/C++ or Java/C#
    Knowledge of Perl, PHP, Hack or Python a plus
    Experience with operating system internals, filesystems, programming language design, compilers also a plus


As part of our dedication to the diversity of our workforce, Facebook is committed to Equal Employment Opportunity without regard for race, ethnicity, gender, protected veteran status, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity or religion.