Job Title 	Software Engineer - PHP (Virtual)
Req # 	27234BR
Division 	Kaplan, Inc.
State/Province 	Florida
City 	Virtual
Full Time/Part Time 	Full-Time

Job Description 	
The Software Engineer is responsible for software development as a member of a project team.
He/she works closely with subject matter experts, business analysts, quality analysts, and others to design, develop, and test software solutions to business problems.

Key Job Responsibilities
Develop technical specifications for software from business requirements.
Follow instructions written in specifications and delivered verbally, including refining and elaborating on requirements based on experience.
Work closely with Manager or Director and other project members as a team where necessary, and also work on own initiative where appropriate.
Develop code including unit tests, appropriately employing object-oriented design methods and patterns and following industry and Kaplan standards.
Work with diverse teams including business analysts, database and UI specialists, and offshore developers in order to get work done efficiently.
Work with appropriate technology teams in analysis, troubleshooting, communication, and prioritization of system-related issues.
Solve problems of limited scope and complexity, with assistance on occasion from more senior developers.
Operate and support the configuration management and development/test environment and tool set as necessary.

Minimum Qualifications
Bachelor's Degree (B.A./B.S.)
Computer Science, Management Information Systems, or other
3 - 5 years related experience
Professional software development for websites using a SQL-based database and an object-oriented
programming language such as PHP or C#.
Acceptable Experience in Lieu of Education: Two years experience for every year of formal education required.
Knowledge of systems architecture.
Strong skills in the use of software tools to develop business programs.
Experience or aptitude in the creation of business software
Ability to work well with people and quickly learn new concepts.
Able to apply basic software engineering principles, theories and concepts.
Familiar with basic software algorithms and terminology.
Experience with object-oriented design including common patterns, interfaces, and inheritance
Ability to stay focused and detail-oriented in a fast-paced dynamic environment.
Excellent written and spoken communication skills.

Preferred Qualifications
Experience developing in a LAMP (Linux, Apache, MySQL, PHP) environment
Experience PHP 5 and MVC Frameworks such as: Zend or Symfony
Experience with web development using HTML, CSS3, JavaScript
Experience with modern development techniques such as: Test Driven Development, Automated Testing, Dependency Injection, Development Patterns, etc.
Experience working in an AGILE/SCRUM development team
Experience using a JavaScript framework such as jQuery.
