

A Systems Engineer is a unique individual who can build strong professional relationships with customers while developing compelling network solutions that meet the customer’s needs.   The SE partners with a Named Account Manager to showcase Juniper’s unique, game-changing solutions. 

In addition to possessing over-the-top technical aptitude and curiosity, the ideal candidate’s interpersonal and high-impact presentation skills evoke passion and confidence in customers, partners and the Juniper team.   A burning desire to solve the hard problem in a fast-changing, competitive macro environment and unrelenting tenacity are essential.  

Qualifications

Must have:

    In-depth conceptual and hands-on understanding and design expertise in campus and data center switching, IP routing and network security.
    Organizational, planning and time management skills that enable success in this fast-paced position.
    Exceptional communication skills that leverage active listening, negotiating and presentation skills to enable the customer to get what they need to meet their business challenges.
    Exemplary pre-sales engineering track record in the data network and network security industry with large-scale customers.

Preferred:

    Expert-level knowledge of Juniper enterprise solutions, product line specifications and performance criteria in addition to competitors’ solutions and industry standards and consortiums (IETF, IEEE, TCG).

	
ABOUT JUNIPER NETWORKS

Juniper Networks is in the business of network innovation. From devices to data centers, from consumers to cloud providers, Juniper Networks delivers the software, silicon and systems that transform the experience and economics of networking. Our products and technology run the world's largest and most demanding networks today, enabling service providers, enterprises, and governments to create value and accelerate business success. Everyday our 9,000+ colleagues come together across 46 countries to realize our company vision - Connect Everything, Empower Everyone. We are innovating in ways that empower our customers, our partners and ultimately, everyone, in a connected world. These customers include the top 130 global service providers, 96 of the Fortune 100 and hundreds of public sector organizations.

WHERE WILL YOU DO YOUR BEST WORK?

Wherever you are in the world, whether it's downtown Sunnyvale or London, Westford or Bangalore, Juniper is a place that was founded on disruptive thinking - where colleague innovation is not only valued, but expected. We believe that the great task of delivering a new network for the next decade is delivered through the creativity and commitment of our people. The Juniper Way is the commitment to all our colleagues that the culture and company inspire their best work-their life's work. At Juniper we believe this is more than a job - it's an opportunity to help change the world…
	

Job Information
						
	
929959
	
Job ID
		
Software Engineer
	
Job Title
		
USA - California - Sunnyvale
	
Location
	
Category
		
Software Engineering 