Software Engineer
Monday March 02, 2015

Boston , MA 02210

There are engineers who code for a living. But you’re an engineer who lives for coding. You stay up-to-date on the newest technologies and tinker with them in your free time. You’re at your best when given a voice and real ownership of your projects -- not when you’re just another number to your employer. You want to join a dynamic team of no-nonsense (well, some nonsense) A-players who are passionate about helping small businesses succeed.

We think we’re what you’ve been looking for.

Working at Buildium is unlike any other gig you've ever had. We’re casual, open, innovative and collaborative. But we have a singular focus: building a great company. We eat lunch together, talk about pop culture and current events, and genuinely enjoy each other’s company. 

We don’t hire based on a list of buzzwords or acronyms on your resume. We’re looking for pragmatic, technical experts who are passionate about technology, demand excellence of themselves and others, and want to make a real difference.

Responsibilities

    Design and develop across the entire stack, including the front-end, business, and data tiers
    Achieve 100% code coverage with comprehensive automated unit tests
    Produce high-quality C# and SQL code that’s optimized for performance and scalability
    Conduct design and code reviews and ensure adherence to best practices
    Help identify test cases, resolve issues, and fix bugs
    Give accurate time estimates based on verbal and written specs
    Contribute to documentation where required
    Maintain a high awareness of industry issues and trends, particularly in regard to web technologies, .NET, MySQL, and automated unit testing
    Disseminate technical knowledge to the rest of the team wherever possible
    Identify and implement ways to improve how we build software

Qualifications

    Experience designing and developing highly scalable web apps on the Microsoft platform preferred, but we'll consider smart people who are willing to learn
    Hands-on expertise with ASP.NET, C#, and SQL. Experience with JavaScript, jQuery, and AJAX is a plus, but not necessary - as long as you are willing to learn
    Able to organize and clarify complex and nuanced business requirements
    Passionate about technology, wants to stay hands-on, and enjoys coding
    Familiar with Agile development processes
    Understands emerging web technologies
    Able to work in an unstructured, small company environment
    Self-motivated and willing to work through problems without obvious answers

Benefits

    Competitive salary
    Take-what-you-need paid time off
    Health and dental insurance
    401(k) retirement plan with company match
    Group life, short-term, and long-term disability insurance
    Flexible spending and dependent care accounts
    Opportunity to work in a small, innovative startup environment
    Ping-pong and foosball tables for superior hand-eye coordination