Software Engineer - Data Management
R&D | Newton, MA, United States 	

Software Engineer – Data Management

Qlik is committed to changing the world by making it easier to make more insightful decisions, and act on them. Our Business Discovery software, QlikView and Qlik Sense, help organizations do more than just report findings. It allows them to explore their data and make informed decisions that can change the way they both see their business and operate more effectively. We are a Values Driven organization, operating over 100 countries with 30,000 customers around the world. If you think we are interesting, please read on – we may be looking for you!

Qlik has an innovative, team-oriented, and high-energy culture. We offer a flexible and exciting work environment, and plenty of opportunities for you to grow as a professional and as an individual. As a member of the Qlik product R&D team, you will have direct impact on our growth and success.

Qlik’s Data Management team transforms customer data from its raw state into a form suitable for sophisticated Business Intelligence. Whether from a single spreadsheet or a large Hadoop instance, we apply a fusion of data science and old school ETL to shepherd the user as quickly as possible into our first-in-class visualization experience. As a Software Engineer on the Data Management team, you will be responsible for the development and delivery of the software that makes this possible. Your ability to learn and understand new data preparation techniques and technologies and commitment to creating high quality software will translate into new game-changing capabilities in the Qlik product line.

If you have an interest in delivering high quality software with significant business value and are looking for a new challenge, then this is a tremendous opportunity to make key contributions on a high profile team for one of the hottest technology companies in Business Discovery and Intelligence.


Role and Responsibilities

    Develop and maintain data management software for Qlik products
    Understand and confirm new requirements
    Employ test-driven development practices including unit tests
    Document specifications and other relevant technical content as directed
    Communicate with engineering management and team leaders on task prioritization, scheduling, and coordination
    Collaborate and coordinate with other team members on all aspects of the process including user experience, architectural design, implementation, testing, and documentation


Education Requirement

    A bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or a related discipline is MANDATORY.


Required Skills and Experience

Intern experience working on a commercial software product is strongly preferred

    Experience with modern language such as C#, Java or JavaScript is strongly preferred
    Experience with the JavaScript framework node.js is strongly desired
    Experience with data management, data mining or data science technologies is strongly desired
    Bonus points for experience with the JavaScript framework angular.js / HTML / CSS
    Self-starter with good communication & presentation skills in a fast paced environment with multi-tasking capabilities

 

You must be a highly motivated team player, reliable and dependable, dedicated not only to the craft and science of software development but also to the success of the company. We are a team of goal-oriented multi-taskers who approach problems with intellectual rigor and zest for software delivery. You should be the same.

Qlik is not accepting unsolicited assistance from search firms for this employment opportunity. Please, no phone calls or emails. All resumes submitted by search firms to any employee at Qlik via-email, the Internet or in any form and/or method without a valid written search agreement in place for this position will be deemed the sole property of Qlik. No fee will be paid in the event the candidate is hired by Qlik as a result of the referral or through other means.