Software Engineer
Strategix Solutions Group - Washington, DC

Strategix Solutions Group, LLC is an exciting and growing niche consulting firm that supports critical clients and projects in the industry areas of energy, environment and healthcare. By combining our technical capabilities with our industry experiences, we create unmatched market offerings to solve our clients' business issues. Join our growing team that assists clients with market research and data analytics, strategy development, business process re-engineering, technology assessments, software architecture and system solution implementations. Strategix Solutions Group, LLC is seeking multiple qualified candidates that have software engineering and systems development experience that will join a dynamic team responsible for optimizing and transforming IT services for a key client in the Energy Sector. The successful candidates support the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission (FERC) ITSS Program with optimizing, modernizing and transforming all of its Information Technology assets in order to reduce long-term cost, deliver IT more effectively, and meet the Commissions’ future program needs as its core mission continues to expand and evolve.

As a key member of the software engineering and support team, you will deliver software solutions that deliver critical functionality for FERC’s programs and overall mission.

Position Requirements:
Candidates are required to have the following general experience:

    4 years of relevant software development experience
    Demonstrated experience using Agile Development methodologies
    Bachelor’s Degree in a relevant field is required
    Experience with .NET, C#, MS SQL, MS Sharepoint, and Adobe Livecycle

In addition, successful Consultants will have the following preferred background:

    Ability to work independently and manage multiple task assignments
    Strong oral and written communication skills, including presentation skills (MS Visio, MS PowerPoint)
    Strong problem solving and troubleshooting skills with the ability to exercise mature judgment
    An advanced degree in the area of specialization
    Experience working in a relevant technical role, either with another consultancy, with a vendor or within an enterprise IT team
    Candidates with experience supporting the FERC ITSS program

The candidate must be a problem-solver, analytical and insightful. Must be able to work as a part of large integrated contractor support team and be able to work with other SMEs and technical experts. As a niche consulting practice, we provide thought leadership at the intersection of business and technology strategy. You will have the opportunity to develop your skills and build a career, pursue your interests and contribute to a successful company.

Work Location:
The candidate must be in the Washington, DC area. As a consultant, work locations will vary and may include locations within the national capitol region, including on-site Government locations.
