Job Description 
Software Developer-35489

Description
 
Our company
 
At Adobe, we create digital experiences that change the world. How? We help people bring ideas to life by creating content that makes life more fun and work more impactful. We give businesses and organizations the power to truly engage their customers. We're the ones behind the gorgeously designed content that streams across your laptop, TV, phone, and tablet every day—and we’re the ones who harness the massive power of big data to help companies find and reach the people who crave that content.
 
We do it with energy, passion, and curiosity, and we’re backed by our rich heritage and culture of innovation. We’re looking for exceptional talent to join us.
 
The challenge
 
Software Engineer / Digital Publishing Services
 
Adobe is at the forefront of Digital Media and our team is working on the next generation of Digital Publishing Services (DPS). Our engineers contribute to workflows used by big Publishing houses, Fortune 500 companies, governments, .edu’s, etc. Our customer’s content is served by our web services to millions of end users.
 
As part of the Publishing and Content Services (PaCS) team, you will develop, test, and operationalize web services that are core to DPS. These services provide UI’s and Restful API’s allowing creative professionals and editorial users to import, view, edit, share, and publish their digital content. What if we had a better way to import content from the cloud, or an easier way to publish articles? How do we provide the best customer experience? The suite of applications the PaCS Engineering team builds has to be able to handle all of these things clearly and efficiently.
 
What you’ll do

    Design, develop, test, and operationalize our core web services and UI’s
    Design and automate tests for functional and Restful API’s
    Collaborate with architects, product management and engineering teams to create solutions that increase the platform's value.
    Analyze bugs and write detailed reports that accurately isolate issues 

What you need to succeed

    3+ years professional web services experience and a Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science or the equivalent
    Experience in Java
    Knowledge of web services
    Demonstrable passion for QA through test automation and test design
    Experience in SDET is valuable
    Experience with Amazon Web Services technologies including EC2, SWF, CloudFront, CloudFormation, etc.
    Experience with common open source technologies including Angular-JS, Tomcat, Selenium, Jenkins, Maven, TestNG, RestAssured, Soasta, etc.
    Experience or interest in Performance Engineering 

At Adobe, you will be immersed in an exceptional work environment that is recognized throughout the world on Best Companies lists. You will also be surrounded by colleagues who are committed to helping each other grow through our unique Check-In approach where ongoing feedback flows freely. We’re passionate about cultivating great leaders throughout the organization and we understand that product innovation comes from people innovation.
 
If you’re looking to build your career, Adobe’s the place for you. Discover what our employees are saying about their career experiences through the Adobe Life magazine.
 
Adobe is an equal opportunity employer. We welcome and encourage diversity in the workplace regardless of race, gender, disability or veteran status.
 

Job
 Development
Primary Location
 Americas-USW-San Francisco
Other Locations
 Americas-USW-Seattle, Americas-USW-San Jose (Headquarters)
Schedule
 Full-time