Software Engineer I
CO - Aurora  Full Time

Intelligence & Information Sys
Job Id: 64339BR
Relocation Eligible: No
Clearance Type: TS/SCI with CI Poly

Position Description

The ideal candidate will be a highly motivated, enthusiastic, and energetic entry level Software Engineer able to work in a dynamic, fast paced environment with the Raytheon IIS team.

Responsibilities include but are not limited to the following: 

    Working in a team environment to design, code, test, document and deliver new/modified functionality


    Applies basic software engineering technical standards, principles, theories, concepts and techniques associated with the Java computer languages for software development.


    Contributes to the successful completion of software related milestones on assigned projects and interacts with senior software engineers and support staff on a situational basis. 


Required Skills:

    Experience in the Java programming language on a Unix/Linux platform


    Knowledge of or experience with Eclipse, JavaScript (including JQuery)


    Knowledge or experience with Web Services


    Knowledge of Object Oriented design


    Ability to work in a collaborative, multi-discipline environment to produce deliverable products


    Familiar with the software development lifecycle


    Excellent verbal and written communication skills


    Must have a current DODI 8570.1-M IAT Level I certification or must obtain the certification within first 60 days of employment


Desired Skills:

    Service-based application development experience


    Experience with relational database design, entity-relationship diagrams


    Experience with Hibernate, Tomcat, Spring, HTML, AJAX, CSS, Mercurial


Qualified applicants may be subject to a security investigation and must meet minimum qualifications for access to classified information.  U.S. Citizenship and an active TS/SCI security clearance are required.

Required Education:

Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Software Engineering, Mathematics or other equivalent fields.


Raytheon Intelligence, Information and Services (IIS) provides a full range of ISR, navigation, weather, cybersecurity, training, logistics, mission support and engineering solutions for the intelligence community, government and commercial customers. IIS, which operates at nearly 500 sites in 80 countries, is headquartered in Dulles, VA. and generated $5.5 billion in 2012 revenues.

Raytheon is an equal opportunity employer and considers qualified applicants for employment without regard to race, color, creed, religion, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, age, disability, veteran status, or any other protected factor. 

